"PM Commander, People Are Foot Soldiers": P Chidambaram Backs Lockdown
news.google.com/articles/CAIiENzgh9-KN4MmWMGJap-w8QcqGQgEKhAIACoHCAowj8n_CjDIrfkCMNKc6AU?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
11:59:41


View: Modi's unprecedented gamble could change India irrevocably
news.google.com/articles/CBMilAFodHRwczovL2Vjb25vbWljdGltZXMuaW5kaWF0aW1lcy5jb20vbmV3cy9wb2xpdGljcy1hbmQtbmF0aW9uL3ZpZXctbW9kaXMtdW5wcmVjZWRlbnRlZC1nYW1ibGUtd2lsbC1jaGFuZ2UtaW5kaWEtaXJyZXZvY2FibHkvYXJ0aWNsZXNob3cvNzQ4MDQwMzYuY21z0gGPAWh0dHBzOi8vbS5lY29ub21pY3RpbWVzLmNvbS9uZXdzL3BvbGl0aWNzLWFuZC1uYXRpb24vdmlldy1tb2Rpcy11bnByZWNlZGVudGVkLWdhbWJsZS13aWxsLWNoYW5nZS1pbmRpYS1pcnJldm9jYWJseS9hbXBfYXJ0aWNsZXNob3cvNzQ4MDQwMzYuY21z?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
12:47:00


Coronavirus Pandemic LIVE Updates: Number of Cases in India up to 606, Govt Says No Community Spread So Far
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEMT8UUDDf4NGVnm96nKstGQqGQgEKhAIACoHCAow5qqNCzD4q58DMPbXpwY?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
13:29:59


PM Modi's 21-Day Lockdown Will Change India Forever
news.google.com/articles/CAIiENnyLqU_Ka-4e85fAXxyQbwqGQgEKhAIACoHCAowj8n_CjDIrfkCMNKc6AU?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
08:10:31


Amid Corona Crisis, Heres How Govt Can Help the Poor: Chidambaram
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEO0wj-eMASeLSMv57Xnu2nQqGQgEKhAIACoHCAowwqP5CjDypeECMI6VwgU?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
10:16:27


Coronavirus: Tamil Nadu records 5 new cases and first death, total 23 COVID-19 patients in state
news.google.com/articles/CBMilgFodHRwczovL3d3dy5saXZlbWludC5jb20vbmV3cy9pbmRpYS9jb3JvbmF2aXJ1cy10YW1pbC1uYWR1LXJlY29yZHMtNS1uZXctY2FzZXMtYW5kLWZpcnN0LWRlYXRoLXRvdGFsLTIzLWNvdmlkLTE5LXBhdGllbnRzLWluLXN0YXRlLTExNTg1MTMyNTY5MzYxLmh0bWzSAZoBaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubGl2ZW1pbnQuY29tL25ld3MvaW5kaWEvY29yb25hdmlydXMtdGFtaWwtbmFkdS1yZWNvcmRzLTUtbmV3LWNhc2VzLWFuZC1maXJzdC1kZWF0aC10b3RhbC0yMy1jb3ZpZC0xOS1wYXRpZW50cy1pbi1zdGF0ZS9hbXAtMTE1ODUxMzI1NjkzNjEuaHRtbA?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
10:47:26


Police check post set up in Chennai amidst lockdown | India's fight against Coronavirus
news.google.com/articles/CCAiC0pWaHZjakVCS3RZmAEB?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
07:08:08


Coronavirus News Live Updates: 54-yr-old dies in Tamil Nadu, India's covid toll now 11
news.google.com/articles/CBMijwFodHRwczovL2Vjb25vbWljdGltZXMuaW5kaWF0aW1lcy5jb20vbmV3cy9wb2xpdGljcy1hbmQtbmF0aW9uL2Nvcm9uYXZpcnVzLWNhc2VzLWluLWluZGlhLWxpdmUtbmV3cy1sYXRlc3QtdXBkYXRlcy1tYXJjaDI1L2xpdmVibG9nLzc0ODAxOTkzLmNtc9IBkwFodHRwczovL2Vjb25vbWljdGltZXMuaW5kaWF0aW1lcy5jb20vbmV3cy9wb2xpdGljcy1hbmQtbmF0aW9uL2Nvcm9uYXZpcnVzLWNhc2VzLWluLWluZGlhLWxpdmUtbmV3cy1sYXRlc3QtdXBkYXRlcy1tYXJjaDI1L2FtcF9saXZlYmxvZy83NDgwMTk5My5jbXM?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
02:32:00


Tamil Nadu sanctions 2,187 crore towards cash support, essential commodities
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEObTY2D_XcsPQdyLL8ReGREqGQgEKhAIACoHCAowiYr-CjD1iIoDMPfYzgY?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
06:20:37


Coronavirus Top 10 developments: 1st COVID-19 death in Tamil Nadu, E-tailers suspend services & more
news.google.com/articles/CCAiC0hXcVRjckNEem93mAEB?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
05:07:47


India condemns Gurdwara attack, promises all possible help to Sikhs and Hindus of Afghanistan
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEHNEO0wz1YMvICtDBBsb60AqGQgEKhAIACoHCAowiYr-CjD1iIoDMPfYzgY?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
09:40:33


11 killed in Kabul gurdwara attack, IS claims responsibility
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEPjSGHwUH5R5lCyYg912nPAqGQgEKhAIACoHCAowzrL9CjDC7vQCMOXc1gU?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
13:14:52


25 Dead In Terror Attack On Kabul Gurdwara; "Diabolical", Says India
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEPHEuiEAKVujqZ0g3_FvrbgqGQgEKhAIACoHCAowj8n_CjDIrfkCMMf18wU?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
11:07:21


Islamic State Claims Attack on Sikh Worshippers in Kabul Gurdwara, Death Toll Rises to 25
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEB3qZl5VOH7qet_E9XBUFQQqGQgEKhAIACoHCAow5qqNCzD4q58DMPbXpwY?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
10:58:00


25 civilians killed, 8 hurt in suicide attack on Kabul gurdwara
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEEE8Du4_PJlNKVx6JEOgUYAqGQgEKhAIACoHCAowyo-HCzD-tIUDMLfhlgY?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
07:12:24


Tamil Nadu records first COVID-19 death as 54-yr-old patient from Madurai succumbs
news.google.com/articles/CAIiENQpULdrJzt1q1vpdKQcSC8qGQgEKhAIACoHCAow7pf_CjDdlfgCMP2F6gU?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
08:07:42


Covid-19 positive patient dies in Tamil Nadu, country's virus toll rises to 11
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEIaFXK8nFbZTw1nZ4JTipvwqGQgEKhAIACoHCAowzrL9CjDC7vQCMJmD1wU?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
04:33:52


Six more persons, all city residents, test positive for COVID-19
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEPxIVI8XT6hNU4m-HQh26M0qGQgEKhAIACoHCAowiYr-CjD1iIoDMIjYzgY?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-24
20:41:04


Coronavirus Pandemic: India's Death Toll Rises to 11 as Tamil Nadu Record First Fatality
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEA-V3PExpvBeWvREV4TWhuwqGQgEKhAIACoHCAow5qqNCzD4q58DMJahzgY?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
06:54:14


Curfew sparks inter-, intra-state reverse migration in Tamil Nadu
news.google.com/articles/CBMijAFodHRwczovL3RpbWVzb2ZpbmRpYS5pbmRpYXRpbWVzLmNvbS9jaXR5L2NvaW1iYXRvcmUvY3VyZmV3LXNwYXJrcy1pbnRlci1pbnRyYS1zdGF0ZS1yZXZlcnNlLW1pZ3JhdGlvbi1pbi10YW1pbC1uYWR1L2FydGljbGVzaG93Lzc0ODAwODQ3LmNtc9IBhwFodHRwczovL20udGltZXNvZmluZGlhLmNvbS9jaXR5L2NvaW1iYXRvcmUvY3VyZmV3LXNwYXJrcy1pbnRlci1pbnRyYS1zdGF0ZS1yZXZlcnNlLW1pZ3JhdGlvbi1pbi10YW1pbC1uYWR1L2FtcF9hcnRpY2xlc2hvdy83NDgwMDg0Ny5jbXM?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-24
23:07:00


NPR, Census suspended indefinitely due to coronavirus outbreak
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEFaOUsL9NL6efgiIDx-GjMoqFggEKg4IACoGCAoww7k_MMevCDDpywE?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
11:15:51


Coronavirus Outbreak LIVE Updates: Centre suspends NPR, Census 2021 data collection amid 21-days lockdown; TN reports 5 new cases
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEPhsLdtVB7F1wNb1xqHsw4AqGAgEKg8IACoHCAow5v6PATDrwA8wleW5Bg?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
13:04:34


NPR, first phase of Census postponed due to the 21-day lockdown
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEIQ6AP2UwgBCmg4IXT8voh8qGQgEKhAIACoHCAow2pqGCzD954MDMPTVigY?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
11:41:16


NPR and First Phase of Census Postponed after Announcement of 21-day Lockdown
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEPNDRSI-N_KXEloP4UeyNq0qGQgEKhAIACoHCAow5qqNCzD4q58DMPbXpwY?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
12:19:58


NPR, first phase of Census deferred due to countrywide lockdown: Officials
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEOEhlecTVlYlOuAYQJuctzkqGQgEKhAIACoHCAowlbCPCzCrzaIDMLbgrgY?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
08:20:03


Coronavirus cases in India soar to 562
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEMYhebasiH3kbOZdE6CmhYcqGQgEKhAIACoHCAow2pqGCzD954MDMPTVigY?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
05:07:14


277 people evacuated from coronavirus-hit Iran reach Army facility in Jodhpur
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEB6IrS-HPgv6keqpEzIO_IcqFggEKg4IACoGCAoww7k_MMevCDDpywE?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
07:22:00


COVID-19: 277 Indians Evacuated from Iran in Mahan Air Flight Taken to Jodhpur for Quarantine
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEOC5Vstov32FPF3QQK3aPaUqGQgEKhAIACoHCAow5qqNCzD4q58DMNXIpwY?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
05:30:39


277 evacuees from Iran are coronavirus negative
news.google.com/articles/CBMiZ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmxpdmVtaW50LmNvbS9uZXdzL2luZGlhLzI3Ny1ldmFjdWVlcy1mcm9tLWlyYW4tYXJlLWNvcm9uYXZpcnVzLW5lZ2F0aXZlLTExNTg1MTE5ODMxNDgzLmh0bWzSAWtodHRwczovL3d3dy5saXZlbWludC5jb20vbmV3cy9pbmRpYS8yNzctZXZhY3VlZXMtZnJvbS1pcmFuLWFyZS1jb3JvbmF2aXJ1cy1uZWdhdGl2ZS9hbXAtMTE1ODUxMTk4MzE0ODMuaHRtbA?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
07:14:58


News updates from Hindustan Times: 277 people evacuated from coronavirus-hit Iran reach Army facility...
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEIOm-1E-wI9zlDgmnkxvUVsqFggEKg4IACoGCAoww7k_MMevCDDpywE?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
07:53:03


277 Indians Evacuated From Iran Shifted To Army Facility In Jodhpur
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEFKiLM6kbZSmQu22jMtyhLYqGQgEKhAIACoHCAowj8n_CjDIrfkCMILSxQY?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
11:04:10


4.5 Lakh May Need ICU Admissions in Delhi Alone: ICMR Study Shows Indias Best and Worst Case Scenarios
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEOgZSZ2rWMhvIGT_qxfRKmEqGQgEKhAIACoHCAow5qqNCzD4q58DMPbXpwY?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
09:37:40


ICMR: Isolation may cut peak coronavirus numbers by 89%
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEFE0RooO26Ts6A8ClMUBwLAqGQgEKhAIACoHCAowzrL9CjDC7vQCMJmD1wU?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
04:05:09


Don't use hydroxychloroquine medicine for coronavirus without prescription: ICMR
news.google.com/articles/CBMihwFodHRwczovL3d3dy5saXZlbWludC5jb20vbmV3cy9pbmRpYS9kb24tdC11c2UtaHlkcm94eWNobG9yb3F1aW5lLW1lZGljaW5lLWZvci1jb3JvbmF2aXJ1cy13aXRob3V0LXByZXNjcmlwdGlvbi1pY21yLTExNTg1MTA3NzMyMTkwLmh0bWzSAYsBaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubGl2ZW1pbnQuY29tL25ld3MvaW5kaWEvZG9uLXQtdXNlLWh5ZHJveHljaGxvcm9xdWluZS1tZWRpY2luZS1mb3ItY29yb25hdmlydXMtd2l0aG91dC1wcmVzY3JpcHRpb24taWNtci9hbXAtMTE1ODUxMDc3MzIxOTAuaHRtbA?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
04:26:03


Coronavirus pandemic | Strict social distancing may reduce peak numbers by 89%: ICMR study
news.google.com/articles/CBMijAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5tb25leWNvbnRyb2wuY29tL25ld3MvdHJlbmRzL2Nvcm9uYXZpcnVzLXBhbmRlbWljLXN0cmljdC1zb2NpYWwtZGlzdGFuY2luZy1tYXktcmVkdWNlLXBlYWstbnVtYmVycy1ieS04OS1pY21yLXN0dWR5LTUwNzEwNDEuaHRtbNIBkAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5tb25leWNvbnRyb2wuY29tL25ld3MvdHJlbmRzL2Nvcm9uYXZpcnVzLXBhbmRlbWljLXN0cmljdC1zb2NpYWwtZGlzdGFuY2luZy1tYXktcmVkdWNlLXBlYWstbnVtYmVycy1ieS04OS1pY21yLXN0dWR5LTUwNzEwNDEuaHRtbC9hbXA?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
08:15:00


India bans export of key malaria drug amid coronavirus outbreak
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEPASP0Ee-dykMli1RKmFrukqGQgEKhAIACoHCAowzrL9CjDC7vQCMJCT1wU?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
10:13:00


"Police Beating Up Delivery Guys": E-Tailers Complain Amid Lockdown
news.google.com/articles/CAIiENP6yj3YkbhCXHCiFdIqluEqGQgEKhAIACoHCAowj8n_CjDIrfkCMILSxQY?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
13:24:23


E-commerce delivery agents to get curfew passes during Covid-19 lockdown
news.google.com/articles/CAIiECH22HssQxqxzHabxnGwX8QqFggEKg4IACoGCAoww7k_MMevCDDpywE?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
11:28:16


5,146 held in Delhi for defying lockdown, 1,018 vehicles seized
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEGFWI1AkW3a017gExEBc8fAqGQgEKhAIACoHCAowzrL9CjDC7vQCMJmD1wU?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
02:37:13


Delhi Police Engaging With Online Portals For Delivery Of Essential Goods
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEBg4rhFc5bMuMm_3KybNtCoqGQgEKhAIACoHCAowj8n_CjDIrfkCMILSxQY?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
12:04:15


Have issued passes, e-commerce websites' delivery agents will be helped: Delhi Police
news.google.com/articles/CBMiigFodHRwczovL3d3dy5saXZlbWludC5jb20vbmV3cy9pbmRpYS9oYXZlLWlzc3VlZC1wYXNzZXMtZS1jb21tZXJjZS13ZWJzaXRlcy1kZWxpdmVyeS1hZ2VudHMtd2lsbC1iZS1oZWxwZWQtZGVsaGktcG9saWNlLTExNTg1MTI5NTQ1NDUzLmh0bWzSAY4BaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubGl2ZW1pbnQuY29tL25ld3MvaW5kaWEvaGF2ZS1pc3N1ZWQtcGFzc2VzLWUtY29tbWVyY2Utd2Vic2l0ZXMtZGVsaXZlcnktYWdlbnRzLXdpbGwtYmUtaGVscGVkLWRlbGhpLXBvbGljZS9hbXAtMTE1ODUxMjk1NDU0NTMuaHRtbA?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
09:51:36


Delhi to issue e-pass for Noida, Gurugram travel amid Covid-19 lockdown
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEA34aOmuXkcgokOWh4a-1SoqFggEKg4IACoGCAoww7k_MMevCDDpywE?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
09:36:00


Lockdowns success in China offers hope for worlds virus fight
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEEHx_0d2T-WPwywRBU7uacYqGQgEKhAIACoHCAow2pqGCzD954MDMNCRzgY?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
11:33:23


As rest of world reels under lockdown, China restarts factories, flights
news.google.com/articles/CBMifmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmxpdmVtaW50LmNvbS9uZXdzL3dvcmxkL2FzLXJlc3Qtb2Ytd29ybGQtcmVlbHMtdW5kZXItbG9ja2Rvd24tY2hpbmEtcmVzdGFydHMtZmFjdG9yaWVzLWZsaWdodHMtMTE1ODUxMjI2MDk0MzkuaHRtbNIBggFodHRwczovL3d3dy5saXZlbWludC5jb20vbmV3cy93b3JsZC9hcy1yZXN0LW9mLXdvcmxkLXJlZWxzLXVuZGVyLWxvY2tkb3duLWNoaW5hLXJlc3RhcnRzLWZhY3Rvcmllcy1mbGlnaHRzL2FtcC0xMTU4NTEyMjYwOTQzOS5odG1s?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
07:57:38


Hubei Relaxes Restrictions as China's new Coronavirus Infections Double
news.google.com/articles/CBMiaWh0dHBzOi8vc2NpZW5jZS50aGV3aXJlLmluL2hlYWx0aC9odWJlaS1yZWxheGVzLXJlc3RyaWN0aW9ucy1hcy1jaGluYXMtbmV3LWNvcm9uYXZpcnVzLWluZmVjdGlvbnMtZG91YmxlL9IBAA?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-24
11:38:00


The clacking of Chinese plants returns as rest of world goes in Coronavirus quarantine
news.google.com/articles/CBMisAFodHRwczovL2Vjb25vbWljdGltZXMuaW5kaWF0aW1lcy5jb20vbmV3cy9pbnRlcm5hdGlvbmFsL2J1c2luZXNzL3RoZS1jbGFja2luZy1vZi1jaGluZXNlLXBsYW50cy1yZXR1cm5zLWFzLXJlc3Qtb2Ytd29ybGQtZ29lcy1pbi1jb3JvbmF2aXJ1cy1xdWFyYW50aW5lL2FydGljbGVzaG93Lzc0ODA1MDMxLmNtc9IBqwFodHRwczovL20uZWNvbm9taWN0aW1lcy5jb20vbmV3cy9pbnRlcm5hdGlvbmFsL2J1c2luZXNzL3RoZS1jbGFja2luZy1vZi1jaGluZXNlLXBsYW50cy1yZXR1cm5zLWFzLXJlc3Qtb2Ytd29ybGQtZ29lcy1pbi1jb3JvbmF2aXJ1cy1xdWFyYW50aW5lL2FtcF9hcnRpY2xlc2hvdy83NDgwNTAzMS5jbXM?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
09:22:00


5,000 Volunteers Sign up for Coronavirus Vaccine Trial in China's Wuhan City
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEGY-mCsNL6eIXLtis6Wky1oqGQgEKhAIACoHCAow5qqNCzD4q58DMJahzgY?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
12:34:19


Prince Charles tests positive for coronavirus
news.google.com/articles/CBMidGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmluZGlhdG9kYXkuaW4vbGlmZXN0eWxlL2NlbGVicml0eS9zdG9yeS9wcmluY2UtY2hhcmxlcy10ZXN0cy1wb3NpdGl2ZS1mb3ItY29yb25hdmlydXMtMTY1OTU3OS0yMDIwLTAzLTI10gF4aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuaW5kaWF0b2RheS5pbi9hbXAvbGlmZXN0eWxlL2NlbGVicml0eS9zdG9yeS9wcmluY2UtY2hhcmxlcy10ZXN0cy1wb3NpdGl2ZS1mb3ItY29yb25hdmlydXMtMTY1OTU3OS0yMDIwLTAzLTI1?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
10:57:21


Prince Charles Tests Positive For Coronavirus, Says Buckingham Palace
news.google.com/articles/CAIiECqslXwwdgX3Rix-O48depYqGQgEKhAIACoHCAowj8n_CjDIrfkCMNCf6AU?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
13:30:01


Coronavirus: Prince Charles tests positive but 'remains in good health' - BBC News
news.google.com/articles/CCAiCzBYUFFsVVhvc2FBmAEB?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
11:04:02


Britain's Prince Charles tests positive for coronavirus
news.google.com/articles/CAIiELRMajxKFwzv82-IkidADXQqGQgEKhAIACoHCAowzrL9CjDC7vQCMK2y1gU?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
13:28:55


Prince Charles, 71, tests positive for coronavirus
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEHIEfrT1umpt5f498huwtmEqFggEKg4IACoGCAoww7k_MMevCDDl2wE?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
13:10:59


U.S. Senate, White House agree on $2 trillion Coronavirus rescue plan
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEMSPeIElNjrROosZdQk6cH0qGQgEKhAIACoHCAowiYr-CjD1iIoDMPfYzgY?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
07:22:48


Largest bailout in history: Trump, Congress agree on $2 trillion coronavirus rescue bill
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEBMkQxjk7_RjtwfWpl8yquEqGQgEKhAIACoHCAowlbCPCzCrzaIDMJXjrgY?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
08:42:24


US Set to Give $1200 to Each Adult, $500 for Every Child as Trump, Senate Agree on $2 Trillion Coronaviru...
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEAFbldBxLy78SATrcck6dxEqGQgEKhAIACoHCAow5qqNCzD4q58DMJahzgY?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
06:54:10


Coronavirus: Trump seals emergency virus deal worth trillions
news.google.com/articles/CBMiKmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy9idXNpbmVzcy01MjAzMDAzNNIBLmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvYnVzaW5lc3MtNTIwMzAwMzQ?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
10:41:15


US Senate, White House agree on USD 2 trillion rescue for virus-hit US economy
news.google.com/articles/CBMipwFodHRwczovL2Vjb25vbWljdGltZXMuaW5kaWF0aW1lcy5jb20vbmV3cy9pbnRlcm5hdGlvbmFsL2J1c2luZXNzL3VzLXNlbmF0ZS13aGl0ZS1ob3VzZS1hZ3JlZS1vbi11c2QtMi10cmlsbGlvbi1yZXNjdWUtZm9yLXZpcnVzLWhpdC11cy1lY29ub215L2FydGljbGVzaG93Lzc0ODA3Mzk3LmNtc9IBogFodHRwczovL20uZWNvbm9taWN0aW1lcy5jb20vbmV3cy9pbnRlcm5hdGlvbmFsL2J1c2luZXNzL3VzLXNlbmF0ZS13aGl0ZS1ob3VzZS1hZ3JlZS1vbi11c2QtMi10cmlsbGlvbi1yZXNjdWUtZm9yLXZpcnVzLWhpdC11cy1lY29ub215L2FtcF9hcnRpY2xlc2hvdy83NDgwNzM5Ny5jbXM?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
08:53:00


Italy New Coronavirus Infections Drop To Lowest Point In Crisis
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEEPDJAg8rdyxnhgExuqKtz4qGQgEKhAIACoHCAowj8n_CjDIrfkCMNKc6AU?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
05:36:21


Coronavirus: Italy virus deaths rise but infections slow again - BBC News
news.google.com/articles/CCAiCzJ6NDNweUZwQ3U4mAEB?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-24
19:26:26


Coronavirus | Italys virus toll shoots back up, but medics see hope
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEDzGcRwuEmeloKx-TljYMvwqGQgEKhAIACoHCAowiYr-CjD1iIoDMPjYzgY?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-24
18:39:39


Coronavirus: Italy records 743 deaths on its second deadliest day
news.google.com/articles/CBMiZ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmxpdmVtaW50LmNvbS9uZXdzL3dvcmxkL2Nvcm9uYXZpcnVzLWl0YWx5LXJlY29yZHMtNzQzLWRlYXRocy1vbi10dWVzZGF5LTExNTg1MDcwMjM3OTI4Lmh0bWzSAWtodHRwczovL3d3dy5saXZlbWludC5jb20vbmV3cy93b3JsZC9jb3JvbmF2aXJ1cy1pdGFseS1yZWNvcmRzLTc0My1kZWF0aHMtb24tdHVlc2RheS9hbXAtMTE1ODUwNzAyMzc5MjguaHRtbA?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-24
17:22:25


Italian coronavirus cases likely '10 times higher than reported'
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEDnEpgRLb31ubWE82O1j95UqGQgEKhAIACoHCAowzrL9CjDC7vQCMOXc1gU?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-24
14:12:46


Coronavirus: Online Retailers Suspend Or Curtail Services As India Lockdown Leads To Chaos
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEBXD7LEz9pGTDqSU2xoVnG0qGQgEKhAIACoHCAowqvSQCzD0nKUDMM3htQY?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
09:28:34


No Online Shopping: Flipkart, Grofers & Big Basket Completely Shut as Amazon Cancels Orders
news.google.com/articles/CAIiENEnHpzj0KrdA25ceMBV62AqGQgEKhAIACoHCAow5qqNCzD4q58DMJahzgY?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
06:54:20


Coronavirus Lockdown: Amazon Stops Taking New Orders, Flipkart Suspends Services
news.google.com/articles/CCAiC3JkV3VNUTh1YzRvmAEB?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
07:59:22


As Flipkart Suspends Operations, What Its Internal Memo To Staff Said
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEJlS1axRVl6L70exv2fhTTgqGQgEKhAIACoHCAowj8n_CjDIrfkCMNKc6AU?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
08:25:55


Walmart-owned Flipkart temporarily closes in India as the nation goes under lockdown
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEGnQqK5mXDzW6bCcofGJ1iEqFggEKg0IACoGCAow8KsBMMBFMJ79zQY?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
12:23:44


Taking Stock: No lockdown for bulls! Short covering helps Nifty climb 8,300 levels
news.google.com/articles/CBMijwFodHRwczovL3d3dy5tb25leWNvbnRyb2wuY29tL25ld3MvYnVzaW5lc3MvbWFya2V0cy90YWtpbmctc3RvY2stbm8tbG9ja2Rvd24tZm9yLWJ1bGxzLXNob3J0LWNvdmVyaW5nLWhlbHBzLW5pZnR5LWNsaW1iLTgzMDAtbGV2ZWxzLTUwNzIxNzEuaHRtbNIBkwFodHRwczovL3d3dy5tb25leWNvbnRyb2wuY29tL25ld3MvYnVzaW5lc3MvbWFya2V0cy90YWtpbmctc3RvY2stbm8tbG9ja2Rvd24tZm9yLWJ1bGxzLXNob3J0LWNvdmVyaW5nLWhlbHBzLW5pZnR5LWNsaW1iLTgzMDAtbGV2ZWxzLTUwNzIxNzEuaHRtbC9hbXA?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
11:53:00


Sensex ends over 1,800 points, Nifty up 6%; bull run for RIL, private banks
news.google.com/articles/CBMihQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5saXZlbWludC5jb20vbWFya2V0L2xpdmUtYmxvZy9saXZlLWJsb2ctc2Vuc2V4LW5pZnR5LWxpdmUtdG9kYXktMjUtMDMtMjAyMC1uaWZ0eS1uc2UtYnNlLW5ld3MtdXBkYXRlcy0xMTU4NTEwNDY4NTkxNC5odG1s0gGJAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmxpdmVtaW50LmNvbS9tYXJrZXQvbGl2ZS1ibG9nL2xpdmUtYmxvZy1zZW5zZXgtbmlmdHktbGl2ZS10b2RheS0yNS0wMy0yMDIwLW5pZnR5LW5zZS1ic2UtbmV3cy11cGRhdGVzL2FtcC0xMTU4NTEwNDY4NTkxNC5odG1s?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
03:05:00


Bulls defy India lockdown: Sensex surges 1,862 pts; what's behind the rally
news.google.com/articles/CBMijgFodHRwczovL2Vjb25vbWljdGltZXMuaW5kaWF0aW1lcy5jb20vbWFya2V0cy9zdG9ja3MvbmV3cy9zZW5zZXgtc3VyZ2VzLTE2MDAtcG9pbnRzLXdoYXRzLWRyaXZpbmctdGhpcy1yYWxseS1vbi1zdHJlZXQvYXJ0aWNsZXNob3cvNzQ4MDc0NDcuY21z0gGJAWh0dHBzOi8vbS5lY29ub21pY3RpbWVzLmNvbS9tYXJrZXRzL3N0b2Nrcy9uZXdzL3NlbnNleC1zdXJnZXMtMTYwMC1wb2ludHMtd2hhdHMtZHJpdmluZy10aGlzLXJhbGx5LW9uLXN0cmVldC9hbXBfYXJ0aWNsZXNob3cvNzQ4MDc0NDcuY21z?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
11:58:00


Nation under lockdown for 21 days, but stock market will stay open
news.google.com/articles/CBMigQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5tb25leWNvbnRyb2wuY29tL25ld3MvYnVzaW5lc3MvbWFya2V0cy9uYXRpb24tdW5kZXItbG9ja2Rvd24tZm9yLTIxLWRheXMtYnV0LXN0b2NrLW1hcmtldC13aWxsLXN0YXktb3Blbi01MDY5NDMxLmh0bWzSAYUBaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubW9uZXljb250cm9sLmNvbS9uZXdzL2J1c2luZXNzL21hcmtldHMvbmF0aW9uLXVuZGVyLWxvY2tkb3duLWZvci0yMS1kYXlzLWJ1dC1zdG9jay1tYXJrZXQtd2lsbC1zdGF5LW9wZW4tNTA2OTQzMS5odG1sL2FtcA?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-24
16:11:00


Indian stocks log best day since 2009 on $2 trillion US stimulus package
news.google.com/articles/CBMigwFodHRwczovL3d3dy5pbmRpYXRvZGF5LmluL2J1c2luZXNzL3N0b3J5L2luZGlhbi1zdG9ja3MtbG9nLWJlc3QtZGF5LXNpbmNlLTIwMDktb24tMi10cmlsbGlvbi11cy1zdGltdWx1cy1wYWNrYWdlLTE2NTk2MTItMjAyMC0wMy0yNdIBhwFodHRwczovL3d3dy5pbmRpYXRvZGF5LmluL2FtcC9idXNpbmVzcy9zdG9yeS9pbmRpYW4tc3RvY2tzLWxvZy1iZXN0LWRheS1zaW5jZS0yMDA5LW9uLTItdHJpbGxpb24tdXMtc3RpbXVsdXMtcGFja2FnZS0xNjU5NjEyLTIwMjAtMDMtMjU?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
11:59:42


Govt likely to unveil $20 billion-plus stimulus package to tackle coronavirus downturn: Report
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEGUnGcQHgWMBEWsHelDanDoqGQgEKhAIACoHCAowzrL9CjDC7vQCMJCT1wU?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
12:59:53


Modi govts Rs 1.5 lakh crore warchest to defeat coronavirus economic slowdown; mega package likely this week
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEEG2b-KNOUtdeDzd_UWjxPIqGQgEKhAIACoHCAow55veCjDzvdUBMMLc5gU?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
12:54:29


India Weighs New Credit Line for Funds Hit by Cash Crunch
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEJBV1oErtFCV1XBdPXzLjAkqGQgEKhAIACoHCAowqvSQCzD0nKUDMM3htQY?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
11:26:15


Stimulus package likely by end of this week
news.google.com/articles/CBMihQFodHRwczovL2Vjb25vbWljdGltZXMuaW5kaWF0aW1lcy5jb20vbWFya2V0cy9zdG9ja3MvbmV3cy9zdGltdWx1cy1wYWNrYWdlLWxpa2VseS1ieS1lbmQtb2YtdGhpcy13ZWVrLXNvdXJjZXMvYXJ0aWNsZXNob3cvNzQ4MTA4NjEuY21z0gGAAWh0dHBzOi8vbS5lY29ub21pY3RpbWVzLmNvbS9tYXJrZXRzL3N0b2Nrcy9uZXdzL3N0aW11bHVzLXBhY2thZ2UtbGlrZWx5LWJ5LWVuZC1vZi10aGlzLXdlZWstc291cmNlcy9hbXBfYXJ0aWNsZXNob3cvNzQ4MTA4NjEuY21z?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
11:17:00


India likely to unveil $20 billion-plus stimulus package to tackle coronavirus downturn, say sources
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEH7BjgMNmOAdifavD8oTzTQqGAgEKg8IACoHCAow3rvTBDD89X4wyN7OBg?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
12:25:54


Coronavirus Outbreak: Experts peg India's cost of lockdown at Rs 9 lakh cr or 4% of GDP
news.google.com/articles/CAIiELhkxJFAv7cKrWAi2VzoTdIqFwgEKg8IACoHCAow5v6PATDrwA8wzuge?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
07:25:28


How will India lockdown play out for economy & markets: 4 scenarios
news.google.com/articles/CBMikgFodHRwczovL2Vjb25vbWljdGltZXMuaW5kaWF0aW1lcy5jb20vbWFya2V0cy9zdG9ja3MvbmV3cy9ob3ctd2lsbC1pbmRpYS1sb2NrZG93bi1wbGF5LW91dC1mb3ItZWNvbm9teS1tYXJrZXRzLTQtc2NlbmFyaW9zL2FydGljbGVzaG93Lzc0ODA0MDg3LmNtc9IBjQFodHRwczovL20uZWNvbm9taWN0aW1lcy5jb20vbWFya2V0cy9zdG9ja3MvbmV3cy9ob3ctd2lsbC1pbmRpYS1sb2NrZG93bi1wbGF5LW91dC1mb3ItZWNvbm9teS1tYXJrZXRzLTQtc2NlbmFyaW9zL2FtcF9hcnRpY2xlc2hvdy83NDgwNDA4Ny5jbXM?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
06:46:00


Today's top business news: GDP growth could drop to 2.5%, supply of essential items hit by lockdown, Japan plans massive stimulus, and more
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEGxd-EcGcqj39yLRioh3_1AqGQgEKhAIACoHCAowiYr-CjD1iIoDMPPXzgY?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
07:52:50


Indias 21-Day Lockdown May Shave 2 Percentage Points Off GDP Growth
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEFAy3WzFWYuUPhEvntEKk84qGQgEKhAIACoHCAowqvSQCzD0nKUDMM3htQY?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
05:37:30


India under 21-day lockdown: Here's what brokerages have to say
news.google.com/articles/CBMicGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmN0djE4LmNvbS9waG90b3MvbWFya2V0L2luZGlhLXVuZGVyLTIxLWRheS1sb2NrZG93bi1oZXJlcy13aGF0LWJyb2tlcmFnZXMtaGF2ZS10by1zYXktNTU1MTQxMS5odG3SAXRodHRwczovL3d3dy5jbmJjdHYxOC5jb20vcGhvdG9zL21hcmtldC9pbmRpYS11bmRlci0yMS1kYXktbG9ja2Rvd24taGVyZXMtd2hhdC1icm9rZXJhZ2VzLWhhdmUtdG8tc2F5LTU1NTE0MTEuaHRtL2FtcA?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
03:28:54


Apple rolls out iOS, iPadOS 13.4 with trackpad support
news.google.com/articles/CBMid2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmxpdmVtaW50LmNvbS90ZWNobm9sb2d5L3RlY2gtbmV3cy9hcHBsZS1yb2xscy1vdXQtaW9zLWlwYWRvcy0xMy00LXdpdGgtdHJhY2twYWQtc3VwcG9ydC0xMTU4NTEyNjI4NTQ0Mi5odG1s0gF7aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubGl2ZW1pbnQuY29tL3RlY2hub2xvZ3kvdGVjaC1uZXdzL2FwcGxlLXJvbGxzLW91dC1pb3MtaXBhZG9zLTEzLTQtd2l0aC10cmFja3BhZC1zdXBwb3J0L2FtcC0xMTU4NTEyNjI4NTQ0Mi5odG1s?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
09:03:49


Apple Releases iOS 13.4 And iPadOS 13.4 For iPhone And iPad: Here Are The Release Notes
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEF4YetuB_T020dNja0CXNwYqGQgEKhAIACoHCAow5qqNCzD4q58DMOiXqgY?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
04:02:17


Apple releases iOS and iPadOS 13.4 with trackpad support - GSMArena.com news
news.google.com/articles/CBMiX2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmdzbWFyZW5hLmNvbS9hcHBsZV9yZWxlYXNlc19pb3NfYW5kX2lwYWRvc18xMzRfd2l0aF90cmFja3BhZF9zdXBwb3J0LW5ld3MtNDIyMTkucGhw0gFcaHR0cHM6Ly9tLmdzbWFyZW5hLmNvbS9hcHBsZV9yZWxlYXNlc19pb3NfYW5kX2lwYWRvc18xMzRfd2l0aF90cmFja3BhZF9zdXBwb3J0LWFtcC00MjIxOS5waHA?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
00:54:01


iOS 13.4 Released With iCloud Drive Folder Sharing; iPadOS 13.4, watchOS 6.2, tvOS 13.4 Debut as Well
news.google.com/articles/CAIiED0xlYSlv5A-aJqKGC23IrQqGQgEKhAIACoHCAowgubcCjC2gc8BMNXs5gU?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
11:18:40


Everything New in iOS 13.4 for iPhone & iPad: iCloud Folder Sharing, iPad Cursor, & More!
news.google.com/articles/CCAiC1ZPaURIOE0yNXE4mAEB?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-24
17:03:54


Huawei P40, P40 Pro full specs leak a day before official reveal
news.google.com/articles/CBMiQmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFuZHJvaWRhdXRob3JpdHkuY29tL2h1YXdlaS1wNDAtcDQwLXByby1zcGVjcy0xMDk3NzAzL9IBAA?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
10:08:22


Huawei P40 and P40 Pro specs and pricing detailed days before release - GSMArena.com news
news.google.com/articles/CBMibWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmdzbWFyZW5hLmNvbS9odWF3ZWlfcDQwX2FuZF9wNDBfcHJvX3NwZWNzX2FuZF9wcmljaW5nX2RldGFpbGVkX2RheXNfYmVmb3JlX3JlbGVhc2UtbmV3cy00MjIxNy5waHDSAWpodHRwczovL20uZ3NtYXJlbmEuY29tL2h1YXdlaV9wNDBfYW5kX3A0MF9wcm9fc3BlY3NfYW5kX3ByaWNpbmdfZGV0YWlsZWRfZGF5c19iZWZvcmVfcmVsZWFzZS1hbXAtNDIyMTcucGhw?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-24
19:06:01


Huawei P40 range specs, prices and renders leaked
news.google.com/articles/CBMiUmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRlY2hyYWRhci5jb20vaW4vbmV3cy9odWF3ZWktcDQwLXJhbmdlLXNwZWNzLXByaWNlcy1hbmQtcmVuZGVycy1sZWFrZWTSAVZodHRwczovL3d3dy50ZWNocmFkYXIuY29tL2luL2FtcC9uZXdzL2h1YXdlaS1wNDAtcmFuZ2Utc3BlY3MtcHJpY2VzLWFuZC1yZW5kZXJzLWxlYWtlZA?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
10:53:00


How to watch the Huawei P40 launch event online
news.google.com/articles/CBMiQWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFuZHJvaWRhdXRob3JpdHkuY29tL2h1YXdlaS1wNDAtbGF1bmNoLWV2ZW50LTEwOTc1NjQv0gEA?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
12:01:08


Huawei P40 camera samples leak ahead of launch
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEMTSXkpLT8bLixYegVVc71kqGQgEKhAIACoHCAowot7cCjD8xM4BMJTu8gU?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
05:25:12


Xiaomi launches Redmi smart speaker, Mi smart projector along with Redmi K30 Pro
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEBwLd7OMWRnWjJFVosvwu6cqGQgEKhAIACoHCAowot7cCjD8xM4BMJTu8gU?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
08:35:21


Redmi K20 series sales exceed 5 million, 50% to new users - GSMArena.com news
news.google.com/articles/CBMiX2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmdzbWFyZW5hLmNvbS9yZWRtaV9rMjBfc2VyaWVzX3NhbGVzX2V4Y2VlZF81X21pbGxpb25fNTBfdG9fbmV3X3VzZXJzLW5ld3MtNDIyMjMucGhw0gFcaHR0cHM6Ly9tLmdzbWFyZW5hLmNvbS9yZWRtaV9rMjBfc2VyaWVzX3NhbGVzX2V4Y2VlZF81X21pbGxpb25fNTBfdG9fbmV3X3VzZXJzLWFtcC00MjIyMy5waHA?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
05:27:01


Xiaomi launches Redmi SmartTV Max with a gigantic 98-inch display
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEDijRWhiXMc9RZ9YVnF7sLgqFggEKg4IACoGCAoww7k_MMevCDCm4QE?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
07:04:02


Redmi K30 Pro vs Redmi K20 Pro: Price, Specifications Compared
news.google.com/articles/CBMibmh0dHBzOi8vZ2FkZ2V0cy5uZHR2LmNvbS9tb2JpbGVzL2ZlYXR1cmVzL3JlZG1pLWszMC1wcm8tdnMtcmVkbWktazIwLXByby1wcmljZS1zcGVjaWZpY2F0aW9ucy1jb21wYXJlZC0yMjAwNDk50gGDAWh0dHBzOi8vZ2FkZ2V0cy5uZHR2LmNvbS9tb2JpbGVzL2ZlYXR1cmVzL3JlZG1pLWszMC1wcm8tdnMtcmVkbWktazIwLXByby1wcmljZS1zcGVjaWZpY2F0aW9ucy1jb21wYXJlZC0yMjAwNDk5P2FtcD0xJmFrYW1haS1ydW09b2Zm?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
10:20:58


Redmi Note 9 Pro vs Realme 6: A good value either way
news.google.com/articles/CBMiRmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFuZHJvaWRhdXRob3JpdHkuY29tL3JlZG1pLW5vdGUtOS1wcm8tdnMtcmVhbG1lLTYtMTA5NTcyNS_SAQA?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
07:55:00


How the COVID-19 crisis impacts Windows security
news.google.com/articles/CCAiC21tczItRDg5SE9BmAEB?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
10:00:34


Windows 10 optional updates to be halted from May due to coronavirus
news.google.com/articles/CBMiZmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRlY2hyYWRhci5jb20vaW4vbmV3cy93aW5kb3dzLTEwLW9wdGlvbmFsLXVwZGF0ZXMtdG8tYmUtaGFsdGVkLWZyb20tbWF5LWR1ZS10by1jb3JvbmF2aXJ1c9IBamh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRlY2hyYWRhci5jb20vaW4vYW1wL25ld3Mvd2luZG93cy0xMC1vcHRpb25hbC11cGRhdGVzLXRvLWJlLWhhbHRlZC1mcm9tLW1heS1kdWUtdG8tY29yb25hdmlydXM?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
10:07:00


Microsoft halting less important Windows updates: Here's why
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEFeYAr-yht73BSTVDbvek-4qGQgEKhAIACoHCAowmMv3CjCfndcCMMLjqQU?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
08:12:37


Microsoft Confirms Unprecedented Changes To Windows 10 For 1 Billion Users
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEMDDhcV2hzPLIT_RWT4HsEkqFQgEKg0IACoGCAowrqkBMKBFMMGBAg?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
07:53:11


Windows 10 updates halted due to coronavirus  with one exception
news.google.com/articles/CBMiXmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRvbXNndWlkZS5jb20vbmV3cy93aW5kb3dzLTEwLXVwZGF0ZXMtaGFsdGVkLWR1ZS10by1jb3JvbmF2aXJ1cy13aXRoLW9uZS1leGNlcHRpb27SAWJodHRwczovL3d3dy50b21zZ3VpZGUuY29tL2FtcC9uZXdzL3dpbmRvd3MtMTAtdXBkYXRlcy1oYWx0ZWQtZHVlLXRvLWNvcm9uYXZpcnVzLXdpdGgtb25lLWV4Y2VwdGlvbg?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
11:35:00


Coronavirus lockdown: Sussanne Khan moves in with ex-husband Hrithik Roshan to co-parent sons
news.google.com/articles/CBMiogFodHRwczovL3d3dy5pbmRpYXRvZGF5LmluL21vdmllcy9jZWxlYnJpdGllcy9zdG9yeS9jb3JvbmF2aXJ1cy1sb2NrZG93bi1zdXNzYW5uZS1raGFuLW1vdmVzLWluLXdpdGgtZXgtaHVzYmFuZC1ocml0aGlrLXJvc2hhbi10by1jby1wYXJlbnQtc29ucy0xNjU5NTgwLTIwMjAtMDMtMjXSAaYBaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuaW5kaWF0b2RheS5pbi9hbXAvbW92aWVzL2NlbGVicml0aWVzL3N0b3J5L2Nvcm9uYXZpcnVzLWxvY2tkb3duLXN1c3Nhbm5lLWtoYW4tbW92ZXMtaW4td2l0aC1leC1odXNiYW5kLWhyaXRoaWstcm9zaGFuLXRvLWNvLXBhcmVudC1zb25zLTE2NTk1ODAtMjAyMC0wMy0yNQ?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
11:09:49


Sussanne Khan moves in with Hrithik Roshan to take care of kids together during quarantine
news.google.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?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
08:39:00


Hrithik Roshan says ex Sussanne Khan has temporarily moved in with him to co-parent sons during lockdown,...
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEHyOu4XSATh9ZMLhZDOYiBsqFggEKg4IACoGCAoww7k_MMevCDDW4AE?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
11:49:00


Hrithik Roshans ex-wife Sussanne temporarily moves in for kids amid 21-day lockdown - Republic World
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEH4AnXUMM4YX_0OcA7PaeTEqGQgEKhAIACoHCAowwZKRCzDO1KUDMOT4tgY?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
10:12:34


Why Hrithik Roshan And Ex-Wife Sussanne Khan Are Sharing A Home During Lockdown
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEJHv-g6uxbcjbg29SufPjpAqGQgEKhAIACoHCAowj8n_CjDIrfkCMPGi6AU?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
10:57:42


Kartik Aaryan's ROFL "21 Din Mein Paise Double" Meme From Akshay Kumar's Phir Hera Pheri
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEIb6rJbmKjRBFfqAstbQa6oqGQgEKhAIACoHCAowj8n_CjDIrfkCMMf18wU?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
09:06:26


Kartik Aaryan photoshopped himself into Akshay Kumars Phir Hera Pheri to create a hilarious meme on 21
news.google.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?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
02:53:00


Kartik Aaryan takes a dig at those flouting lockdown: Modiji, ye sunna chahte hain 21 din mein paisa...
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEEVpQfovbr7HsgIEmm78zdAqFggEKg4IACoGCAoww7k_MMevCDDW4AE?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
10:51:00


Kartik Aaryan Suits up to Show How He's Doing Great at Work From Home During Coronavirus Lockdown
news.google.com/articles/CAIiENPIAZSW3OKTNpde-ZlJScMqGQgEKhAIACoHCAow5qqNCzD4q58DMJahzgY?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
03:54:54


Kartik Aaryan Wants PM Narendra Modi To Announce 21 Din Mein Paisa Double For People, His Latest Post Will Crack You Up
news.google.com/articles/CAIiENDrqH2MpPCKm-T_orF_eJAqGQgEKhAIACoHCAowkoORCzCLqqUDMPu6tgY?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
06:53:14


Big B Pens Poem Urging Citizens to Cooperate During 21-day Lockdown
news.google.com/articles/CAIiELwPpNQnJXfcVF9KrcKZ13MqGQgEKhAIACoHCAow5qqNCzD4q58DMMXvpwY?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
09:02:24


Let Amitabh Bachchan Be Your Fitness Inspiration During Quarantine
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEDAT7ne5WLZ-rU153uoSCiMqGQgEKhAIACoHCAowj8n_CjDIrfkCMMf18wU?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-24
18:08:35


Coronavirus Lockdown: Big B works out at home, asks fans to keep the gym going
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEOiiL5Bma7HNOAWP23JDWNsqFggEKg4IACoGCAoww7k_MMevCDCT2gE?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
13:20:49


Amitabh Bachchan pens poem urging citizens to cooperate during 21-day lockdown
news.google.com/articles/CBMirgFodHRwczovL3RpbWVzb2ZpbmRpYS5pbmRpYXRpbWVzLmNvbS9lbnRlcnRhaW5tZW50L2hpbmRpL2JvbGx5d29vZC9uZXdzL2FtaXRhYmgtYmFjaGNoYW4tcGVucy1wb2VtLXVyZ2luZy1jaXRpemVucy10by1jb29wZXJhdGUtZHVyaW5nLTIxLWRheS1sb2NrZG93bi9hcnRpY2xlc2hvdy83NDgxMjcxNC5jbXPSAakBaHR0cHM6Ly9tLnRpbWVzb2ZpbmRpYS5jb20vZW50ZXJ0YWlubWVudC9oaW5kaS9ib2xseXdvb2QvbmV3cy9hbWl0YWJoLWJhY2hjaGFuLXBlbnMtcG9lbS11cmdpbmctY2l0aXplbnMtdG8tY29vcGVyYXRlLWR1cmluZy0yMS1kYXktbG9ja2Rvd24vYW1wX2FydGljbGVzaG93Lzc0ODEyNzE0LmNtcw?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
12:24:00


Amitabh Bachchan, Anushka Sharma, Anil Kapoor And Others Urge People To Abide By 21 Days Of Lockdown
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEEJiLXE1HpGqkWQt4F4qTmsqGQgEKhAIACoHCAowj8n_CjDIrfkCMPGi6AU?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
05:59:22


Arjun Kapoor pens emotional post for mom Mona on death anniversary: My world was shattered when you...
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEL4WtbhAP07ZVODrA-OGnhMqFggEKg4IACoGCAoww7k_MMevCDDW4AE?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
11:05:53


Arjun Kapoor remembers mom on 8th death anniversary: Miss having your name show up on my phone
news.google.com/articles/CBMiowFodHRwczovL3d3dy5pbmRpYXRvZGF5LmluL21vdmllcy9jZWxlYnJpdGllcy9zdG9yeS9hcmp1bi1rYXBvb3ItcmVtZW1iZXJzLW1vbS1vbi04dGgtZGVhdGgtYW5uaXZlcnNhcnktbWlzcy1oYXZpbmcteW91ci1uYW1lLXNob3ctdXAtb24tbXktcGhvbmUtMTY1OTU4Ny0yMDIwLTAzLTI10gGnAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmluZGlhdG9kYXkuaW4vYW1wL21vdmllcy9jZWxlYnJpdGllcy9zdG9yeS9hcmp1bi1rYXBvb3ItcmVtZW1iZXJzLW1vbS1vbi04dGgtZGVhdGgtYW5uaXZlcnNhcnktbWlzcy1oYXZpbmcteW91ci1uYW1lLXNob3ctdXAtb24tbXktcGhvbmUtMTY1OTU4Ny0yMDIwLTAzLTI1?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
11:18:10


"I Wish I Had You At Home": Arjun Kapoor On Mom Mona's Death Anniversary
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEH_vtC1ti4jo-enEapcJd_kqGQgEKhAIACoHCAowj8n_CjDIrfkCMMf18wU?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
12:01:20


Arjun Kapoor on mother Mona Kapoors 8th death anniversary: World has come to a standstill now but mine a
news.google.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?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
07:14:00


Arjun Kapoor Pens An Emotional Post Remembering Mother Mona Kapoor; Shares Adorable Childhood Pictures
news.google.com/articles/CBMirwFodHRwczovL3d3dy5kZXNpbWFydGluaS5jb20vbmV3cy9tYXJ0aW5pLXNob3RzL3RyZW5kaW5nL2FyanVuLWthcG9vci1wZW5zLWFuLWVtb3Rpb25hbC1wb3N0LXJlbWVtYmVyaW5nLW1vdGhlci1tb25hLWthcG9vci1zaGFyZXMtYWRvcmFibGUtY2hpbGRob29kLXBpY3R1cmVzLWFydGljbGUxMzczMDguaHRt0gGxAWh0dHBzOi8vbS5kZXNpbWFydGluaS5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvbWFydGluaS1zaG90cy90cmVuZGluZy9hcmp1bi1rYXBvb3ItcGVucy1hbi1lbW90aW9uYWwtcG9zdC1yZW1lbWJlcmluZy1tb3RoZXItbW9uYS1rYXBvb3Itc2hhcmVzLWFkb3JhYmxlLWNoaWxkaG9vZC1waWN0dXJlcy1hcnRpY2xlMTM3MzA4Lmh0bQ?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
08:45:29


IOC chief Bach opens door to Spring Tokyo Games, says will require sacrifice and compromise
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEDOk5whx7bk_RjfHgSBaZzoqGQgEKhAIACoHCAowzrL9CjDC7vQCMK2y1gU?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
13:28:49


Tokyo Olympics postponed to 2021 due to Covid-19 pandemic: IOC, Japanese organisers
news.google.com/articles/CAIiENI69XrKlbwH7rrK_ct-UcgqGQgEKhAIACoHCAowot7cCjD8xM4BMPjMhgI?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-24
13:39:29


Indian Men's, Women's Hockey Teams Take Olympic Postponement in Stride
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEE9Ct2OHdnftmw9P4yN-hf8qGQgEKhAIACoHCAow5qqNCzD4q58DMPKiqgY?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
13:01:23


Tokyo Olympics officially postponed to 2021 due to coronavirus pandemic
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEGDLU1dRr0D7iwe3ipxAZNAqGQgEKhAIACoHCAowzrL9CjDC7vQCMICT1wU?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-24
16:15:32


Tokyo Olympics 2020 name to be retained despite postponement to 2021
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEBya4NS8oTspP9UQF4uKHq8qGQgEKhAIACoHCAowot7cCjD8xM4BMPjMhgI?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-24
14:13:00


His issue is...: Former Australia cricketer explains how Rishabh Pant can become best in business
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEG-hPJ-XkuZbjJqVfqk-sOkqFggEKg4IACoGCAoww7k_MMevCDDs0AE?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
11:39:00


Rishabh Pant's issue is that he has too much talent to know what to do with it: Brad Hogg
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEGtPdzpjdOt8jUSCI7SVJ7AqGQgEKhAIACoHCAowot7cCjD8xM4BMKbNhgI?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
11:34:36


Watch: Virat Kohli, Anushka Sharma's Plea As India Locks Down For 21 Days
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEFxCMN7QvXAgl2MxkZy4cAEqGQgEKhAIACoHCAow8PiWCzCToK4DMKvqygY?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
05:25:35


Anushka Sharma, Virat Kohli Share Joint Message Urging Citizens to Follow Total Lockdown for 21 Days
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEGb_ibYPDP1phfoadDrnsVEqGQgEKhAIACoHCAow5qqNCzD4q58DMMXvpwY?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
07:38:04


'These are testing times, please stand united': Virat Kohli and Anushka Sharma
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEHVfhL7jb8wroph7I1IxN1wqGQgEKhAIACoHCAowzrL9CjDC7vQCMICT1wU?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
10:04:05


Anushka Sharmas black T-shirt + jeans combo could be your next virtual meeting outfit
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEH8cApXAKuqGmogvmdJgdPcqGQgEKhAIACoHCAowjfLbCjCX9swBMIGEqQY?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
06:59:04


Please let us all follow what's been told to us: Virat Kohli on India's 21-day coronavirus lockdown
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEOuiBABrGOTIudBmKklfcPIqGQgEKhAIACoHCAowot7cCjD8xM4BMPjMhgI?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
06:30:45


R Ashwin cites Buttler Mankading incident to urge people to stay indoor during coronavirus lockdown
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEDkHXT5SaEU2r6zQMLC3pb4qGQgEKhAIACoHCAowot7cCjD8xM4BMPjMhgI?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
07:01:42


Dont wander out: Ashwin uses Mankad law to warn people about Covid-19 threat
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEFKVO-0Q0ekm-iUa4muae68qFggEKg4IACoGCAoww7k_MMevCDDs0AE?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
07:29:57


Ashwin Uses 'Mankad' to Remind Why Indians Should Remain 'Inside' During 21-Day Lockdown
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEFysPAtPoT6AWK6reMmobBUqGQgEKhAIACoHCAow5qqNCzD4q58DMJahzgY?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
08:14:53


Coronavirus: Ravichandran Ashwin Shares Funny Tweet, Asks Fans To "Stay Inside, Stay Safe"
news.google.com/articles/CBMifWh0dHBzOi8vc3BvcnRzLm5kdHYuY29tL2NyaWNrZXQvY29yb25hdmlydXMtcmF2aWNoYW5kcmFuLWFzaHdpbi1zaGFyZXMtZnVubnktdHdlZXQtYXNrcy1mYW5zLXRvLXN0YXktaW5zaWRlLXN0YXktc2FmZS0yMjAwMzg20gGSAWh0dHBzOi8vc3BvcnRzLm5kdHYuY29tL2NyaWNrZXQvY29yb25hdmlydXMtcmF2aWNoYW5kcmFuLWFzaHdpbi1zaGFyZXMtZnVubnktdHdlZXQtYXNrcy1mYW5zLXRvLXN0YXktaW5zaWRlLXN0YXktc2FmZS0yMjAwMzg2P2FtcD0xJmFrYW1haS1ydW09b2Zm?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
07:34:28


Stay inside, stay safe! R Ashwin uses mankad incident image to spread awareness for Covid-19
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEB3HyoPwAlRRgbitspdVy44qGQgEKhAIACoHCAowr6n9CjCr4PQCMOTdpQY?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
07:59:10


Scientists discover extraterrestrial superconductivity in meteorites  Fox News
news.google.com/articles/CBMia2h0dHBzOi8vbmV3c2NvbGxlY3RpdmUuY28ubnovc2NpZW50aXN0cy1kaXNjb3Zlci1leHRyYXRlcnJlc3RyaWFsLXN1cGVyY29uZHVjdGl2aXR5LWluLW1ldGVvcml0ZXMtZm94LW5ld3Mv0gEA?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
09:02:30


For the first time ever scientists find superconducting material on Meteorites
news.google.com/articles/CBMiX2h0dHBzOi8vdGVjYWtlLmNvbS9uZXdzL21ldGVvcml0ZXMtaGF2ZS1zdXBlcmNvbmR1Y3RpbmctbWF0ZXJpYWxzLXJldmVhbHMtbmV3LXN0dWR5LTI5MDk0OC5odG1s0gFjaHR0cHM6Ly90ZWNha2UuY29tL25ld3MvbWV0ZW9yaXRlcy1oYXZlLXN1cGVyY29uZHVjdGluZy1tYXRlcmlhbHMtcmV2ZWFscy1uZXctc3R1ZHktMjkwOTQ4Lmh0bWwvYW1w?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-24
07:17:00


Superconductivity Discovered in Meteorites  Could Be Superconducting in Extraterrestrial Environments
news.google.com/articles/CBMifmh0dHBzOi8vc2NpdGVjaGRhaWx5LmNvbS9zdXBlcmNvbmR1Y3Rpdml0eS1kaXNjb3ZlcmVkLWluLW1ldGVvcml0ZXMtY291bGQtYmUtc3VwZXJjb25kdWN0aW5nLWluLWV4dHJhdGVycmVzdHJpYWwtZW52aXJvbm1lbnRzL9IBggFodHRwczovL3NjaXRlY2hkYWlseS5jb20vc3VwZXJjb25kdWN0aXZpdHktZGlzY292ZXJlZC1pbi1tZXRlb3JpdGVzLWNvdWxkLWJlLXN1cGVyY29uZHVjdGluZy1pbi1leHRyYXRlcnJlc3RyaWFsLWVudmlyb25tZW50cy9hbXAv?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
11:36:48


Superconductivity Has Been Discovered in Meteorites For The First Time
news.google.com/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNjaWVuY2VhbGVydC5jb20vc3VwZXJjb25kdWN0aXZpdHktaGFzLWJlZW4tZGlzY292ZXJlZC1pbi1tZXRlb3JpdGVzLWZvci10aGUtZmlyc3QtdGltZdIBY2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNjaWVuY2VhbGVydC5jb20vc3VwZXJjb25kdWN0aXZpdHktaGFzLWJlZW4tZGlzY292ZXJlZC1pbi1tZXRlb3JpdGVzLWZvci10aGUtZmlyc3QtdGltZQ?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-24
06:19:56


Scientists Find Superconductor Inside Giant Meteorite
news.google.com/articles/CBMiSWh0dHBzOi8vZnV0dXJpc20uY29tL3RoZS1ieXRlL3N1cGVyY29uZHVjdG9yLWZvdW5kLWluc2lkZS1naWFudC1tZXRlb3JpdGXSAURodHRwczovL2Z1dHVyaXNtLmNvbS9zdXBlcmNvbmR1Y3Rvci1mb3VuZC1pbnNpZGUtZ2lhbnQtbWV0ZW9yaXRlL2FtcA?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-24
17:00:20


Climactic Risk of Global Sea Level Rise as Antarcticas Denman Glacier Has Retreated Almost 3 Miles
news.google.com/articles/CBMifGh0dHBzOi8vc2NpdGVjaGRhaWx5LmNvbS9jbGltYWN0aWMtcmlzay1vZi1nbG9iYWwtc2VhLWxldmVsLXJpc2UtYXMtYW50YXJjdGljYXMtZGVubWFuLWdsYWNpZXItaGFzLXJldHJlYXRlZC1hbG1vc3QtMy1taWxlcy_SAYABaHR0cHM6Ly9zY2l0ZWNoZGFpbHkuY29tL2NsaW1hY3RpYy1yaXNrLW9mLWdsb2JhbC1zZWEtbGV2ZWwtcmlzZS1hcy1hbnRhcmN0aWNhcy1kZW5tYW4tZ2xhY2llci1oYXMtcmV0cmVhdGVkLWFsbW9zdC0zLW1pbGVzL2FtcC8?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
12:50:41


Antarctic glacier retreats nearly 3 miles, could foreshadow huge sea level rise
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEBJIhqWAiHD1Trm8MXp_YHgqEwgEKgwIACoFCAow4GowoAgwkRo?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-24
23:52:10


How The Worlds Deepest Point On Land Could Raise Global Sea Levels
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEME2I9gpyD6IpvSb3SF4CdoqFQgEKg0IACoGCAowrqkBMKBFMMGBAg?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-24
17:55:26


East Antarctica's Denman Glacier vulnerable, likely to increase global sea level by 5 feet
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEAgJ0be-KT1FTJ9Bt6CwbcwqGQgEKhAIACoHCAownPaNCzCfvqADMNniwwY?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-24
07:35:33


Retreating Antarctic Glacier Could Raise Sea Levels 5 Feet
news.google.com/articles/CBMiSWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVjb3dhdGNoLmNvbS9hbnRhcmN0aWMtZ2xhY2llci1zZWEtbGV2ZWwtcmlzZS0yNjQ1NTc0MzM2Lmh0bWzSAUhodHRwczovL3d3dy5lY293YXRjaC5jb20vYW1wL2FudGFyY3RpYy1nbGFjaWVyLXNlYS1sZXZlbC1yaXNlLTI2NDU1NzQzMzY?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-24
14:43:00


Scientists discover new kind of light that breaks limits of natural law
news.google.com/articles/CBMid2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXdlZWsuaW4vbmV3cy9zY2ktdGVjaC8yMDIwLzAzLzI1L3NjaWVudGlzdHMtZGlzY292ZXItbmV3LWtpbmQtb2YtbGlnaHQtYnJlYWtzLWxpbWl0cy1vZi1uYXR1cmFsLWxhdy5odG1s0gF7aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cudGhld2Vlay5pbi9uZXdzL3NjaS10ZWNoLzIwMjAvMDMvMjUvc2NpZW50aXN0cy1kaXNjb3Zlci1uZXcta2luZC1vZi1saWdodC1icmVha3MtbGltaXRzLW9mLW5hdHVyYWwtbGF3LmFtcC5odG1s?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
07:21:00


This primeval worm may be the ancestor of all animals
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEA0GfEaeH2sO2wC_J7i6jJgqMwgEKioIACIQIy2Z_nMMhehesVpLZUEpbyoUCAoiECMtmf5zDIXoXrFaS2VBKW8w3qjKBg?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
11:29:53


Ancestor of most life on earth was a worm, identified in Australian fossils
news.google.com/articles/CBMif2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXdlZWsuaW4vbmV3cy9zY2ktdGVjaC8yMDIwLzAzLzI0L2FuY2VzdG9yLW9mLW1vc3QtbGlmZS1vbi1lYXJ0aC13YXMtYS13b3JtLWlkZW50aWZpZWQtaW4tYXVzdHJhbGlhbi1mb3NzaWxzLmh0bWzSAYMBaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cudGhld2Vlay5pbi9uZXdzL3NjaS10ZWNoLzIwMjAvMDMvMjQvYW5jZXN0b3Itb2YtbW9zdC1saWZlLW9uLWVhcnRoLXdhcy1hLXdvcm0taWRlbnRpZmllZC1pbi1hdXN0cmFsaWFuLWZvc3NpbHMuYW1wLmh0bWw?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-24
03:48:07


Fossil worm shows us our evolutionary beginnings
news.google.com/articles/CBMiNWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy9zY2llbmNlLWVudmlyb25tZW50LTUyMDE5NDY40gE5aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmJjLmNvbS9uZXdzL2FtcC9zY2llbmNlLWVudmlyb25tZW50LTUyMDE5NDY4?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-24
11:54:16


A tube that did nothing but eat and poop is your oldest ancestor
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEGiaLGqdlGEPRoICxNWoUioqFggEKg4IACoGCAowl7gmMPL_BTDy-ws?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
05:35:40


Meet our forefather - a primordial worm-like creature
news.google.com/articles/CBMiXmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5zdC5jb20ubXkvd29ybGQvd29ybGQvMjAyMC8wMy81Nzc2MDUvbWVldC1vdXItZm9yZWZhdGhlci1wcmltb3JkaWFsLXdvcm0tY3JlYXR1cmXSASZodHRwczovL3d3dy5uc3QuY29tLm15L25vZGUvNTc3NjA1L2FtcA?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-24
04:28:00


After coronavirus, man dies of hantavirus in China: Official media
news.google.com/articles/CBMieGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmxpdmVtaW50LmNvbS9uZXdzL3dvcmxkL2FmdGVyLWNvcm9uYXZpcnVzLW1hbi1kaWVzLW9mLWhhbnRhdmlydXMtaW4tY2hpbmEtb2ZmaWNpYWwtbWVkaWEtMTE1ODUxMTA4MTA1NzcuaHRtbNIBfGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmxpdmVtaW50LmNvbS9uZXdzL3dvcmxkL2FmdGVyLWNvcm9uYXZpcnVzLW1hbi1kaWVzLW9mLWhhbnRhdmlydXMtaW4tY2hpbmEtb2ZmaWNpYWwtbWVkaWEvYW1wLTExNTg1MTEwODEwNTc3Lmh0bWw?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
04:41:30


Man dies from hantavirus in China: All you need to know about the virus, and how it spreads
news.google.com/articles/CAIiENlnIN9Kpfgis0jbLjeH28YqFwgEKg8IACoHCAow5v6PATDrwA8wjuke?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-24
12:44:33


What is Hantavirus and how does it spread
news.google.com/articles/CBMilwFodHRwczovL2Vjb25vbWljdGltZXMuaW5kaWF0aW1lcy5jb20vbmV3cy9pbnRlcm5hdGlvbmFsL3dvcmxkLW5ld3Mvbm93LWhhbnRhdmlydXMtc3VyZmFjZXMtaW4tY2hpbmEtYW1pZC1jb3JvbmF2aXJ1cy1jaGFsbGVuZ2UvYXJ0aWNsZXNob3cvNzQ3OTM4NDEuY21z0gGSAWh0dHBzOi8vbS5lY29ub21pY3RpbWVzLmNvbS9uZXdzL2ludGVybmF0aW9uYWwvd29ybGQtbmV3cy9ub3ctaGFudGF2aXJ1cy1zdXJmYWNlcy1pbi1jaGluYS1hbWlkLWNvcm9uYXZpcnVzLWNoYWxsZW5nZS9hbXBfYXJ0aWNsZXNob3cvNzQ3OTM4NDEuY21z?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-24
15:15:00


China man dies due to Hantavirus; Know more details - Telugu News
news.google.com/articles/CBMiX2h0dHA6Ly93d3cuaW5kaWFnbGl0ei5jb20vY2hpbmEtbWFuLWRpZXMtZHVlLXRvLWhhbnRhdmlydXMta25vdy1tb3JlLWRldGFpbHMtdGVsdWd1LW5ld3MtMjU2MzUw0gEA?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-24
13:51:30


Is hantavirus the new global pandemic?
news.google.com/articles/CBMiQmh0dHBzOi8vbmVub3cuaW4vaGVhbHRoL2lzLWhhbnRhdmlydXMtdGhlLW5ldy1nbG9iYWwtcGFuZGVtaWMuaHRtbNIBRmh0dHBzOi8vbmVub3cuaW4vaGVhbHRoL2lzLWhhbnRhdmlydXMtdGhlLW5ldy1nbG9iYWwtcGFuZGVtaWMuaHRtbC9hbXA?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
11:28:12


World Ventilator Demand Now 10 Times Whats Available, Says Maker
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEBtY7w-Xj_2R_G0HhPO9arsqGQgEKhAIACoHCAow4uzwCjCF3bsCMIrOrwM?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
11:16:16


Trump set on re-opening US even as MIT researchers say virus doesn't thrive as much in warm, humid weathe
news.google.com/articles/CAIiELRcx7mci7qk34h5Ou2qRjoqGQgEKhAIACoHCAowzrL9CjDC7vQCMOXc1gU?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
01:33:51


Coronavirus Outbreak: Warm and humid weather can slow spread of COVID-19 cases, says MIT study, but...
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEKY71WhONSTR0eX4Vkrk_PQqFwgEKg8IACoHCAow5v6PATDrwA8w3-Me?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-24
14:19:23


Coronavirus outbreak: Study finally reveals if hot and humid weather will have an effect on COVID-19 spread
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEL3Grp8rhEzvqrcWh69JQfcqGQgEKhAIACoHCAowr6n9CjCr4PQCMOTdpQY?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
09:42:21


Coronavirus Outbreak Likely to be Contained in Summer, May Emerge Again in Winter: Reports
news.google.com/articles/CAIiEFRH7dII_08VtgLvpgelZaIqGQgEKhAIACoHCAow5qqNCzD4q58DMJahzgY?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
11:14:19


Monsoon may wash away coronavirus, says MIT study
news.google.com/articles/CBMicWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5ld2luZGlhbmV4cHJlc3MuY29tL25hdGlvbi8yMDIwL21hci8yNS9tb25zb29uLW1heS13YXNoLWF3YXktY29yb25hdmlydXMtc2F5cy1taXQtc3R1ZHktMjEyMTE1My5odG1s0gFwaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubmV3aW5kaWFuZXhwcmVzcy5jb20vbmF0aW9uLzIwMjAvbWFyLzI1L21vbnNvb24tbWF5LXdhc2gtYXdheS1jb3JvbmF2aXJ1cy1zYXlzLW1pdC1zdHVkeS0yMTIxMTUzLmFtcA?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-24
23:03:00


VERIFY: Will warm weather kill the coronavirus?
news.google.com/articles/CCAiCzM0X3RoLXhJWWQ0mAEB?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen
2020-03-25
03:23:04


